if your old car doesn't qualify for the
government's scrappage scheme all you
need to do is see
we recycle it for someone else to buy
and you will get at least 2,000 pounds
towards of massive range of used cars no
age limit no mid of a partnership if
it's mo deed is more than welcome
as long as it's taxed we'll take hits
this March only if your own car is not
suitable for scrappage it's right
biggest choice and our lowest prices
check 14 day money-back guarantee
check more satisfied customers that ever
check
and Santa cliff we don't have one
checklist we have two one four are used
comes and one for you to check we're
doing everything we promised
check us out today is it the price of
Coco's is it the choice without a doubt
is it the friendly used car salespeople
absolutely
in a recent survey of four and a half
thousand sandy clip customers
ninety-seven percent said they were
completely satisfied and would recommend
us to their family and friends it seems
like everyone once sandy